A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.

A broken clock is right twice a day.

A chain is only as strong as its weakest link.

A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.

A little bit of knowledge is a dangerous thing.

A man is known by the company he keeps.

A mind is a terrible thing to waste.

A rolling stone gathers no moss.

A superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.

Absence makes the heart grow fonder.

Actions speak louder than words.

All good things must come to an end.

All is fair in love and war.

All is well that ends well.

All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.

April showers brings May flowers.

As you make your bed, so must you lie in it.

As you sow, so shall you reap.

Ask no questions and hear no lies.

Bad news travels fast.

Barking dogs seldom bite.

Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.

Beauty is only skin-deep.

Better be safe than sorry.

Better late than never.

Better safe than sorry.

Better to be alone than in bad company.

Birds of a feather flock together.

Blood is thicker than water.

Curiosity killed the cat.

Dead men have no friends.

Dead men tell no tales.

Death is the great leveler.

Diligence is the mother of good fortune.

Discretion is the better part of valor.

Do not wear out your welcome.

Do unto others as you would have them to do unto you.

Don't bite the hand that feeds you.

Don't count your chickens before they are hatched.

Don't count your chickens before they hatch.

Don't cut off your nose to spite your face.

Don't go near the water until you learn how to swim.

Don't judge a man until you have walked a mile in his shoes.

Don't put all your eggs in one basket.

Don't put the cart before the horse.

Don't talk the talk if you can't walk the walk.

Don't throw the baby out with the bath water.

Don't wash your dirty linen in public.

Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.

Even the walls have ears.

Every bird loves to hear himself sing.

Every cloud has a silver lining.

Every dog has his day.

Every man has his faults.

Fear is stronger than love.

Fear of death is worse than death itself.

First think, and then speak.

Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.

Fortune favors the bold.

God helps those who help themselves.

Good fences make good neighbors.

Good things come to those who wait.

Goodness is better than beauty.

Great minds think alike.

He is the best general who makes the fewest mistakes.

He that is master of himself, will soon be master of others.

He that plants a tree plants for posterity.

He who hesitates is lost.

Hope for the best, but prepare for the worst.

If it ain't broke, don't fix it.

If wishes were horses, beggars would ride.

If you can't beat 'em, join 'em.

If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all.

If you snooze, you lose.

If you want something done right, you have to do it yourself.

Ignorance of the law excuses no man.

It is best to be on the safe side.

It's no use crying over spilled milk.

It's not over 'till the fat lady sings.

Jack of all trades, master of none.

Keep your friends close and your enemies closer.

Keep your mouth shut and your ears open.

Let sleeping dogs lie.

Let the dead bury their dead.

Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.

Look before you leap.

Look on the bright side.

Love is blind.

Love makes the world go round.

Love sees no faults.

Man cannot live by bread alone.

Many hands make light work.

Measure twice, cut once.

Never give a sword to a man who can't dance.

Never judge from appearances.

Never look a gift horse in the mouth.

Never speak ill of the dead.

No man can serve two masters.

No news is good news.

Nothing is certain but death and taxes.

Old habits die hard.

Old soldiers never die, they simply fade away.

On the keyboard of life, always keep one finger on the escape key.

One good turn deserves another.

Penny wise, pound foolish.

People who live in glass houses should not throw stones.

Power corrupts, and absolute power corrupts absolutely.

Practice makes perfect.

Prevention is better than cure.

Scratch my back and I'll scratch yours.

Silence is golden.

Slow and steady wins the race.

Something is better than nothing.

Spare the rod and spoil the child.

Sticks and stones will break my bones, but names will never hurt me.

Still waters run deep.

Strike while the iron is hot.

Sweet things are bad for the teeth.

The apple doesn't fall far from the tree.

The best of friends must part.

The best things in life are free.

The best way to a man's heart is through his stomach.

The bigger they are, the harder they fall.

The early bird catches the worm.

The female of the species is more deadly than the male.

The firm, the enduring, the simple, and the modest are near to virtue.

The first step is the hardest.

The grass is always greener on the other side of the hill.

The last straw breaks the camel's back.

The love of money is the root of all evil.

The pen is mightier than the sword.

The pot calls the kettle black.

The road to hell is paved with good intentions.

The squeaky wheel gets the grease.

There are only twenty-four hours in a day.

There are two sides to every question.

There is more than one way to skin a cat.

There is safety in numbers.

There's a black sheep in every flock.

There's more than one way to skin a cat.

There's no fool like an old fool.

There's no such thing as a free lunch.

There's no such thing as bad publicity.

There's no time like the present.

There's one law for the rich, and another for the poor.

Those who live in glass houses should not throw stones.

To err is human.

Too many cooks spoil the broth.

True love never grows old.

Two heads are better than one.

Two wrongs don't make a right.

United we stand, divided we fall.

What's good for the goose is good for the gander.

When the cat is away, the mice will play.

When the going gets tough, the tough get going.

You can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar.

You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make him drink.

You can't judge a book by its cover.

You can't make an omelet without breaking a few eggs.

You can't please everyone so you've got to please yourself.

You can't teach an old dog new tricks.

You cannot have your cake and eat it too.

You reap what you sow.

You're never too old to learn.
