A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
A broken clock is right twice a day.
A chain is only as strong as its weakest link.
A cheerful heart is good medicine, but a crushed spirit dries up the bones.
A dog will not tell you he has fleas but you can tell by the way he scratches.
A dream is reality which has yet to materialize.
A foolish man perceives meekness as weakness
A friend loves at all times, and a brother is born for a time of adversity.
A gentle answer turns away wrath, but a harsh word stirs up anger.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
A little bit of knowledge is a dangerous thing.
A man is known by the company he keeps.
A man who conquers himself is much more superior than a man who conquers many thousands of men in battle.
A mind is a terrible thing to waste.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
A smile is a light in the window of your face to show your heart is at home.
A smile is your personal welcome mat.
A superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.
A teacher's job is to take a room full of live wires and make sure they are well grounded.
A true friend will remember you for the good and bad times and love you for both.
Above all else, guard your heart, for everything you do flows from it.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
Actions speak louder than words.
All friends have faults; forgive a little or have none.
All good things must come to an end.
All is fair in love and war.
All is well that ends well.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
Always aim for the moon; even if you miss... you'll still be among the stars.
An unaware person lives in the past, mentally experiencing all the things that might have happened, but didn't.
Any day above ground is a good day.
April showers brings May flowers.
Arrogance is the full sister of ignorance.
As we work for the boss, the boss works for us.
As you make your bed, so must you lie in it.
As you sow, so shall you reap.
Ask no questions and hear no lies.
Bad news travels fast.
Barking dogs seldom bite.
Be gentle with the earth.
Be glad you are unknown, for when you are known, you will wish you weren't.
Be humble while being good and your work will speak for itself.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
Beauty is only skin-deep.
Believe that most people are doing the best they can.
Better a small serving of vegetables with love than a fattened calf with hatred.
Better be safe than sorry.
Better late than never.
Better safe than sorry.
Better to be alone than in bad company.
Birds of a feather flock together.
Blood is thicker than water.
Brains are like mouths; when empty they blather, when full they digest.
Close only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades.
Confidence cannot be imitated; confidence can only come from a belief in one's self or others.
Courtesy is free.
Curiosity killed the cat.
Dare to be different.
Dead men have no friends.
Dead men tell no tales.
Death is the great leveler.
Demolish the dam of judgement and watch the nurturing waters of truth flood in.
Diligence is the mother of good fortune.
Discretion is the better part of valor.
Do not wear out your welcome.
Do unto others as you would have them to do unto you.
Don't bet the cow if you need the milk.
Don't bite the hand that feeds you.
Don't complain about farmers with your mouth full.
Don't count your chickens before they are hatched.
Don't count your chickens before they hatch.
Don't cut off your nose to spite your face.
Don't explain. Your friends don't need it and your enemies won't believe it.
Don't go near the water until you learn how to swim.
Don't judge a man until you have walked a mile in his shoes.
Don't lead a blind man down the wrong road.
Don't put all your eggs in one basket.
Don't put the cart before the horse.
Don't step over dollars to save pennies.
Don't talk the talk if you can't walk the walk.
Don't throw the baby out with the bath water.
Don't wash your dirty linen in public.
Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
Education is just a process by which a person begins to learn how to learn.
Even the walls have ears.
Every bird loves to hear himself sing.
Every child that is born is proof that God has not given up on human beings.
Every cloud has a silver lining.
Every dog has his day.
Every man has his faults.
Everyone has a story; some people just have a better way of telling it.
Everything looks different from another point of view.
Fall seven times, get up eight.
Fear is stronger than love.
Fear makes strangers of people who could be friends.
Fear of death is worse than death itself.
Find and fix the problem and mere symptoms will be revealed.
First think, and then speak.
Five brothers are like a bundle of twigs. Together they are harder to break, but separated they are easily snapped.
Flexible people don't get bent out of shape.
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
For every bow there is an arrow. A similar saying goes: When the student is ready, the teacher will come.
For you to do what you need to do, you first must come to terms with the fact that you need to do what you need to do.
Fortune favors the bold.
Get the monkey off your back.
Gifts are reflections of how others perceive you.
Give somebody an inch and they will think they're a ruler.
God helps those who help themselves.
Good direction makes students or staff good.
Good fences make good neighbors.
Good judgement comes from experience and experience, well, that comes from bad judgement.
Good things come to those who wait.
Goodness is better than beauty.
Great minds think alike.
Have tolerance for repeated errors in children.
He is the best general who makes the fewest mistakes.
He that is master of himself, will soon be master of others.
He that plants a tree plants for posterity.
He who hesitates is lost.
Heartache is but a visitor, it won't stay long.
Hope for the best, but prepare for the worst.
I can't see betting on a horse race; there's just too many damn horses.
I can't stop growing old but I don't have to get old.
I never regret my failures, only the things i failed to attempt.
If good were within, good would come out.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
If wishes were horses, beggars would ride.
If you can laugh at it, you can live with it.
If you can't beat 'em, join 'em.
If you can't beat them, join them.
If you can't dream then you can't rest.
If you can't make a decision, then you don't have enough information yet.
If you cut too many corners, you'll be going in circles.
If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all.
If you don't look after the little things in life, they will look after you.
If you make people think they're thinking, they'll love you, but if you really make them think, they'll hate you.
If you snooze, you lose.
If you want something done right, you have to do it yourself.
Ignorance of the law excuses no man.
In the presence of trouble, some people grow wings and others buy crutches.
It can take a moment to make a decision that can take a lifetime to deal with the consequences.
It is a rare person who wants to hear what he doesn't want to hear.
It is best to be on the safe side.
It is better to live on your feet than to die on your knees.
It is incredible how much intelligence is used to prove nonsense.
It is our duty to teach others how to treat us.
It's easier to make friends than it is to make enemies; you have to work to make enemies.
It's easy to destroy
It's hard to fight an enemy which has outposts in your head.
It's no use crying over spilled milk.
It's not over 'till the fat lady sings.
Jack of all trades, master of none.
Keep your friends close and your enemies closer.
Keep your mouth shut and your ears open.
Let sleeping dogs lie.
Let the dead bury their dead.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
Look before you leap.
Look on the bright side.
Love is blind.
Love makes the world go round.
Love sees no faults.
Man cannot live by bread alone.
Many hands make light work.
Measure twice, cut once.
Never give a sword to a man who can't dance.
Never judge from appearances.
Never look a gift horse in the mouth.
Never speak ill of the dead.
No man can serve two masters.
No news is good news.
Nothing is certain but death and taxes.
Old habits die hard.
Old soldiers never die, they simply fade away.
On the keyboard of life, always keep one finger on the escape key.
One good turn deserves another.
Penny wise, pound foolish.
People who live in glass houses should not throw stones.
Practice makes perfect.
Prevention is better than cure.
Silence is golden.
Slow and steady wins the race.
Something is better than nothing.
Spare the rod and spoil the child.
Speak up for those who cannot speak for themselves, for the rights of all who are destitute.
Sticks and stones will break my bones, but names will never hurt me.
Still waters run deep.
Strike while the iron is hot.
Sweet things are bad for the teeth.
The apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
The best of friends must part.
The best things in life are free.
The best way to a man's heart is through his stomach.
The bigger they are, the harder they fall.
The early bird catches the worm.
The female of the species is more deadly than the male.
The firm, the enduring, the simple, and the modest are near to virtue.
The first step is the hardest.
The grass is always greener on the other side of the hill.
The last straw breaks the camel's back.
The love of money is the root of all evil.
The pen is mightier than the sword.
The pot calls the kettle black.
The road to hell is paved with good intentions.
The squeaky wheel gets the grease.
The tongue has the power of life and death, and those who love it will eat its fruit.
There are only twenty-four hours in a day.
There are two sides to every question.
There is a way that appears to be right, but in the end it leads to death.
There is more than one way to skin a cat.
There is safety in numbers.
There's a black sheep in every flock.
There's more than one way to skin a cat.
There's no fool like an old fool.
There's no such thing as a free lunch.
There's no such thing as bad publicity.
There's no time like the present.
There's one law for the rich, and another for the poor.
Those who live in glass houses should not throw stones.
To err is human.
Too many cooks spoil the broth.
True love never grows old.
Two heads are better than one.
Two wrongs don't make a right.
United we stand, divided we fall.
What's good for the goose is good for the gander.
When the cat is away, the mice will play.
When the going gets tough, the tough get going.
Whoever loves discipline loves knowledge, but whoever hates correction is stupid.
You can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar.
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make him drink.
You can't judge a book by its cover.
You can't make an omelet without breaking a few eggs.
You can't please everyone so you've got to please yourself.
You can't teach an old dog new tricks.
You cannot have your cake and eat it too.
You reap what you sow.
You're never too old to learn.
